[13.0][IMP] website_sale_product_attachment: Introduce website name (#572)
OCA/e-commerce: website_sale_product_attachment/readme/ROADMAP.rst

- Make translatable the name of the attachment in the e-commercer. This will

>   mean to deal with the sort of the translated terms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Make translatable the name of the attachment in the e-commerce. This will
  mean to deal with the sorting of the translated terms.
```
